"É o Bonde da Coleta num passinho sensacional,
é o Bonde da Coleta
num passinho sensacional!"
How do you feel?
You're going to meet Robinho!
I'm speechless, dude,
take a look at me!
I'm really nervous!
- My heart is beating really fast!
- My hands are sweating!
Awesome! I want Robinho
to dance the "Passinho do Coletor!"
- Take a look!
- "Passinho do Coletor!"
"Pegou, girou,
pegou, girou,
solta o Passinho,
solta o Passinho do Coletor!"
Do you believe
Robinho can do that?
- Of course!
- Certainly!
He just have to pick it up
and to spin around!
Pick it up and spin around!
He's a dancer!
All the players are going to love it!
"Vem comigo no Passinho do Coletor!"
We're in this together, Santos TV,
thanks for the opportunity!
- We're the Bonde da Coleta...
- Dancing the "Passinho do Coletor!"
Robinho is going to be challenged!
Here it goes!
"É o Bonde da Coleta,
é o bonde que chegou,
aqui na Santos TV,
no Passinho do Coletor,
no Passinho do Coletor!"
"Pegou, girou,
pegou, girou,
solta o Passinho,
solta o Passinho do Coletor!"
"O Passinho é da hora,
e o Robinho vai dançar,
dança, Robinho,
o Passinho da Coletagem,
o Passinho é maneiro
e todo mundo já gostou,
vem comigo no Passinho do Coletor!"
What's up, dude?
You look just like me, brother!
- Are you going to teach him?
- How does it work?
He knows how to dance,
I've seen it!
Hold my glasses.
Robinho, it's just like this:
"Pegou, girou,
pegou, girou,
solta o Passinho,
solta o Passinho do Coletor!"
"Pegou, girou,
pegou, girou,
solta o Passinho,
solta o Passinho do Coletor!"
Let me explain!
You pick up the trash,
then you spin around,
then you run,
like, fooling around...
- Then I throw it!
- Then you throw it!
- Congratulations, guys!
- Thanks, Robinho!
You are role models!
"Pegou, girou,
pegou, girou,
solta o Passinho,
solta o Passinho do Coletor!"
"O Passinho é da hora
e o Robinho vai dançar,
dança, Robinho,
o Passinho da Coletagem,
o Passinho da Coletagem!"
I have a gift for you guys,
where are their jerseys?
That's awesome!
Gifts!
"Mandando, mandando,
mandando no quadradinho,
mandando, mandando,
é o Bonde da Coleta
dançando com o Robinho,
dançando com o Robinho!"
Thanks, Santos TV!
We couldn't be happier!
Thanks, Robinho!
- Let's show them!
- Let's show them right now!
Robinho's jersey, guys!
- Robinho!
- Number 7, dude!
We're huge fans!
We're in this together, Santos TV!
"É o Bonde da Coleta
num passinho sensacional,
é o Bonde da Coleta
o Santos é um time
Muito Além do Futebol,
Muito Além do Futebol!"